welcome to the man of recaps this is ted
lasso season one
meet ted lasso an american football
coach who's brought into coach football
in england which of course over there
it's a whole different sport americans
know it as soccer ted recently went
viral for coaching an underdog college
team to winning the championship so team
owner rebecca welton thinks that ted
lasso might be just the first
perspective they need she just got the
team in a divorce with her cheating
playboy husband rupert and turns out
bringing in ted is part of her plot to
sabotage the team to get back at her
ex-husband now everyone hates it at
first because he's obviously way out of
his depth but ted lasso has an annoying
infectious optimism he's just
such a genuine friendly guy that you
can't help after a while but to love him
he thinks mad now wait we win him over
he'll be furious so ted settles in to
coach the premier league team afc
richmond his best friend and assistant
coach is coach beard who doesn't really
say much but is the best wingman a guy
could ask for richmond star player is
jamie tarr to young up and comer who's
an incredible athlete but he's not much
of a team player in fact he's generally
a wanker
roy kent is the team's veteran captain
who was a superstar in his prime but
he's starting to show his age he's a
real standoffish kind of guy whose
constant streams of profanity are the
reason this series is rated tvma
rebecca's assistant is leslie higgins
who she hilariously treats like rubbish
then there's nate the team's kit man
who's really lacking in self-confidence
and surprised the manager knows his name
now jamie tartt has a hot model
girlfriend keeley jones she and ted
actually become fast friends because
they're kindred spirits she's real nice
and funny too and their friendship gives
rebecca an idea for her first evil plan
while he's feeding her a burger one day
as you know you do she hires a
photographer to take scandalous pictures
of them hoping jamie turtle get mad
it'll break
up the team but keely gets wind of this
before they go to print and as an
influential rich person they go to
rebecca for help so to keep her cover
she's like yeah i can ask the paper not
to print them after this keely starts
hanging out with rebecca moore and they
kind of become best friends ted lasso is
also trying to force a friendship with
rebecca he shows up every morning for
biscuits with the boss where he brings
her cookies and they are so delicious
she tolerates his presence now the
football is not going well and ted
becomes well acquainted with the english
term wanker he really doesn't know the
sport that well so he goes to someone
who lives and breathes football nate
after some coaxing he shares his ideas
which basically involves using jaime
tart as a distraction and letting other
people score goals jamie does not like
this though so he and his mates start
harassing nate this doesn't sit well
with roy kent ted lasso's incorrigible
optimism is finally rubbing off on him
so he tells these guys off like hey come
on we're better than this
and as predicted roy is very angry that
ted's made him a better person one night
at a team charity event we finally meet
rebecca's ex-husband rupert he's the
type of charismatic playboy billionaire
that everyone seems to love even though
he is a wanker ted lasso though sees
right through this guy and while
rebecca's distraught he's there to
comfort her they become friends for real
even though she's still trying to
sabotage the team meanwhile jaime tart's
cockiness is really starting to rub
keely the wrong way so she dumps his ass
they kind of stay friends though because
she's been managing brand deals for him
and in fact rebecca hires her on to do
the rest of the team ted lasso by the
way has a family a son that he loves and
a wife that things are not going well
with that's why he took the job to give
her some space they come for a visit one
weekend and have a real happy family
time but his wife's like i'm sorry ted i
like you but i don't love you anymore i
don't know what's wrong ted is
distraught but luckily he's got a group
of great guys around him for some good
bro counseling so he's like hey it's
nobody's fault we've grown apart i gotta
let you go oh sad ted back to football
jamie tart is still scoring all of
richmond's goals he still refuses to be
a team player so ted makes the
controversial call to bench him
which the fans do not like but by now
ted has really connected with the rest
of the team convinces them to believe in
themselves so they go back out there and
working together they won their first
game it's a triumphant moment and ted
starts to win the richmond crowd over
they still call him wanker but in a good
way jaime's attitude is still not
improved though luckily there's a new
player fresh off the injured reserve
it's danny rojas an incredibly talented
player whose unbridled joy and love of
the sport fits right in with ted's new
team
[Music]
unfortunately he's immediately injured
again because turns out the team has a
curse on it luckily coach ted knows just
how to break a sports curse he has all
the players sacrifice something to
appease the spirits
and after heart to heart with keely
where she convinces him that deep down
he's a good person jaime tart comes to
join in he tells the story of how his
dad is a real bad dude that always
pushed him to hug glory for himself and
he's like sorry guys i've been a bit of
a winker lately and so the curse
breaking works danny rojas is okay to be
clear though curses don't exist it was
just a minor sprain but now the team
including jaime is closer than ever
rebecca can't have this
she trades jamie away claiming she had
to for contract reasons and so just when
ted was getting through to him he's lost
a star player at an away game ted has
nate give the pre-game speech where he
drops some hard truth bombs on all the
players about their weaknesses once he
gets some confidence though it turns
into kind of a hilarious roast and turns
out it's exactly what the players needed
to hear
they win the game and by the end of the
season nate the great is officially
promoted to coach nate the team's out
celebrating with some wild karaoke but
ted
is sad because his divorce is just being
finalized but he randomly hits it off
with rebecca's old best friend sassy and
ted has his first one-night stand which
he feels real guilty about so he calls a
bro counselling sesh for some mature
level-headed advice hey you're both
adults you're divorced now there's
nothing wrong here so ted feels much
better and this advice circle's so good
he officially dubs them the diamond dogs
meanwhile roy kent and kiwi have had a
fun relationship and since jaime it's
turned to flirtation at the away game
they had their first kiss
but twerking leaves it there trying to
be a gentleman when they get back he's
like sorry i can't hang out i'm busy and
keely thinks he doesn't like her so when
jamie tart comes over she's like sure
why not they get it on but turns out roy
does like her he was just
actually busy but when she confesses she
slept with jamie again oh now roy's mad
luckily coach ted knows just what to do
assemble the diamond dogs they give him
some real mature reasonable advice so he
apologizes keely like hey i don't want
that to keep us apart later at a team
shareholders meeting rupert is here for
the divorce he's not legally allowed to
own any stake in the team but he bought
some for his new girlfriend who
coincidentally is also named rebecca and
they're engaged now
this is just awful so ted makes a wager
with him over a game of darts hey if you
win i'll let you set the lineups or
whatever but if i win you stay out of
the owner's box for the rest of the
season rupert's happy to accept because
he's a master darts player but turns out
ted was hustling him he's a master darts
player too
and he wins once again he stood up for
her even though she's secretly still
betraying him finally though keeley
discovers her betrayal like hey you
gotta come clean to ted so rebecca
confesses she's been sabotaging ted in
the team the whole time i'm so sorry i
realized i was being awful now will this
cause some
intense drama no it doesn't ted forgives
her immediately what a stand-up guy
back to football they have a problem roy
kent is really slowing the team down now
and ted doesn't want to but he's got to
bench him at first roy is furious but
after a mature adult conversation with
his girlfriend keeley she's like hey
you're more than just a footballer it
doesn't define you and so roy accepts
his new reality with grace and a stream
of profanity but the stakes are high for
the final match if they lose richmond
faces relegation which means they're
demoted out of the premier league and
they're playing against their old
superstar teammates jamie tarts so
pretty soon looks like they're gonna
lose ted does put in roy kent for a bit
though who gives one final run
chases down his old rival and stops a
goal unfortunately though he is injured
here he knows that's it for his career
but the crowd gives him a hero send off
but wait what's this another team has
just won by enough points that richmond
doesn't have to win
they can just tie so it's time to bust
out the trick play they've been
practicing where they line up
like it's american football this
confuses the other team enough that yeah
they score
richmond's gonna survive but wait what's
this there's a few seconds left and
jaime tarts on a breakaway
and this time he passes to a teammate
who scores
yeah this is not a cinderella success
story our team loses but ted lasso is
here to give his team a pep talk hey
we lost that sucks but you know life
goes on jamie tartto gets no such pep
talk in fact ted sees his dad really
berating him for passing so ted gets
jaime a note like hey kid i'm proud of
you and relegation's not the end of the
world if they win next season they're
back in the premier league so that's how
ted lasso season 1 comes to an
end if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member